all your good friends here I 'm going
to teach how to play in the inflow
online without using those
programs such as sand and in the
march first we go to google.com
we place gaming traders
good in these problems is this page
here
and well, a series of
servers that we can play
with us we are going to concentrate on
what the ip cope called of any
server for example I have added
this good would play copy that and payne
Y
now we go to our folder
south
and we execute it as administrator
and when it is not discussed who encouraged him to
multiplayer
to favorites
and here in this space
same and in fact
and they added favorites and there we copied the
ip that are for example I already have
copied live
but I'm not going to add it because the
same I'm going to show you is to work
good that will load some maps of
zombies because this server or of
left for example the server will
he won maps he did not put
carlos download it sorry
yes
they are now no more than five minutes
in fact, your internet depends
and it is not
is not talking on the server
and these are new maps and also the
they will add new zombies
and not that it is very tiny has changed
players the fact of expanding the
number of players found
present or connected on the server
and good today is a day I play short
in time to change his character
profile
you already saw that not personal to me I do not know
what would the staff call
and they have new weapons that I will show to the
end of the wave
at the end of the wave I will show you
some weapons that have server
it is by default
good and this server is updated to the
different updates that have
which include look at this are two of the
new zombies that he has and it's better that
the sand
and he's going to tell you that not all
servers add shadows that are not
some are the students but they
I recommend this server that is called
touch and so be
and the maps are very powerful
I hope this video
video like this